Fix #40 Add extras for database dependencies (#41)
RealOrangeOne/django-tasks: CONTRIBUTING.md

python -m pip install -e '.[dev]'
```

> [!TIP]

> > Add an extra name for each database you want to use (e.g. `[dev,mysql]`,  `[dev,postgres]` or `[dev,mysql,postgres]`).

Reviewer: Suggestion: Be more explicit that installing these extras is optional
```suggestion
> Add an extra name for each database you want to develop with (e.g. `[dev,mysql]`,  `[dev,postgres]` or `[dev,mysql,postgres]`). This is optional.
```

Author: Thanks, I'll update the PR.
